Scripting language
	- computer language that is used for scriptin.

Script is a relatively short and simple set of instructions
A script is usually NOT compiled. Generally, they are interpreted directly from source code.

If you start Python, you get an INTERACTIVE mode. The written code can not be edited,compiled or runned.
This is called read-eval-print-loop(REPL) cycle.

The '_' symbol holds the last result IN THE INTERACTIVE MODE.

Comments start with #

Variables do not need to be declared with the type of the value. 
The type is associated with the value on the right hand side, not name of the variable.

Python is dynamically typed. The perceived “type” of a variable might change as a program 
executes depending on the current value assigned to it.

Language statements are always lower-case.

Indentation is used to denote groups of statements that go together. That means that you HAVE TO put spaces after
cycles to show that some statements are grouped as repeated operation.

Python’s only requirement is that indentation within the same block has to be consistent.

If you pass more than one value to print they are separated by spaces.

To get the input use input(). This takes string that will be shown and return written value.

Sometimes you need to specify an empty code block. The keyword PASS is used for it.
This is also called a “no-op” statement. It does nothing. 
It serves as a placeholder for statements, possibly to be added later.

In Python, there is a concept of TRUTHY and FALSY values. They will be evaluated to the True and False bool type
respectively if we use them as an expression.

Strings are written with '' or "". If we want to take all the text from multiple lines we can use ''' '''

Using [] we can take one symbol or substring [:5] - all symbols up to 5, [5:] all symbols from the 5
If we use something like [-5:] it will take 5 symbols from the end of the string.

len() - returns length
Membership test - SYMB in (or not in) STRING
Replication - rep = STRING * 5 (Text with 5 repeated STRING data)

strip() - stripping any leading/trailing white space.
lower()/upper() - case conversion.

String are IMMUTABLE(their value can not be changed). All operations and methods that manipulate string data,
always create new strings.

str() - converts value to string.

f-string is a format string that can embed the values of variables into it.
It is created with f prefix : f'Super duper value: {value}'

There is a special module 're' that to support any kind of advanced pattern matching

dir(VARIABLE) can be used to get a list of all operations with the variables of the VARIABLE'S type

List is a primary type for holding values in python. It is created using following syntax:
	names = ['T','Y','P','E']
Some methods can also return lists.

Items in the list CAN be changed. You can get its length, check membership.

Use "for SMTH in LIST" to iterate through LIST (similar to foreach)
index() returns first occur

LIST.remove() can be used to remove concrete elements from list.
del LIST[index] can be used to delete element with concrete index.
If there are more than one occurence of item, remove() will delete only the first one.

LIST.sort() can be used to sort LIST

sorted(LIST) returns sorted list( can be used to make a new list instead )

EMPTY_LIST = [] - creates emptuy list.

FILE INPUT/OUTPUT
f = open('text.txt','rt'/'wt') - 'rt' for read text, 'wt' for write text

FILE.read() - reads data.
FILE.write('TEXT') - write data

FILE.close()

with open(filename, 'rt') as file: - with statement is preferred approach
	...
	...
	...

Pandas --- functions for reading CSV filex 

Functions:
    def FUNC_NAME(arg1,arg2,...)
	....
    return ...

To access functions from library modules we nned to use import LIB

try - catch equivalent is try - except statement
	try:
	    ...
	except EXCEPTION:
            ...

To raise an eception, use the RAISE statement
	raise RuntimeError('SOME ERROR')

If the first statement of a function is a string, it serves as documentation. 
Try typing a command such as help(greeting) to see it displayed.

None type 
email = None
None is often used as a placeholder for optional or missing value. 
It evaluates as False in conditionals.

Tuple is a collection of values grouped together.
s = ('Penis',100,490.1)

Tuples are often used to represent simple records or structures. Typically, it is a single object
of multiple parts
Tuples contents are ordered (line an array). However, the contents can't be modified.

Tuples are more about packing related items together into a single ENTITY.
It can be UNPACED

arg1,arg2,arg3 = TUPLE_NAME
The number of variables on the left MUST match the tuple structure.

Dictionary is mapping of keys to values. Dictionaries are useful when there are MANY different values
and those values might be modified or manipulated.

dict = {
'key1':value1,
'key2':value2,
'key3':value3
}

Sets - collection of unordered unique items
set = {'arg1','arg2','arg3','arg4'}

If we have list = {arg1,arg1,arg2} and we want to get unique items, we can convert it to set 
unique = set(list) 
With set, we can perform union,intersection and difference operations(and others)

import csv - to work with csv

we can work with formats - checkout FORMAT

zip() function - takes multiple sequences and makes an iterator
that combines them.
columns = ['col1','col2']
values = [1,2]
pairs = zip(columns,values)

d = dict(zip(columns, values)) - common way is to create key/value pairs for construction dictionaries.
If we need index for some reason in the for loop, we should use ENUMERATE with it

GAMES